<div style="text-align:right; font-size:3em;">2023.01.01</div>

> 拓展：什么是accumulator
> [Instruction Set Architecture : Design Models](https://witscad.com/course/computer-architecture/chapter/isa-design-models)
>
> * Stack Architecture
> * Accumulator Architecture
> * General Purpose Register Architecture
>
> In accumulator architecture, one operand is implicitly in the accumulator.
> The other operand is explicitly given as memory location.
> For this reason, these CPUs are said to be "1-Address Machines" and the instruction set is said to be 1_address Instruction
> i.e. along with instruction only one operand can be passed on.
> This architecture strictly follows Von Neumann architecture’s Stored Program Concept.
>
> The same example C=A+B is executed as
>
> ```
> LOAD A
> ADD B
> STORE C
> ```

## 1. Introduction

2022.12.15: 什么是strand

ILDP (instruction level distributed processing)

* 竞争对手是out-of-order superscalar processor
* 目标：避免指令集历史包袱(encumbrances of instruction sets)
* **strand**: dependent instructions, the dependences are passed through the accumulator.
* 内涵：the multiple sequential processing elements implement multi-issue out-of-order execution

二进制翻译很简单

> so translation will involve a straightforward mapping of instructions.

## 2. Instruction Set and Microarchitecture

仅GPR没有同为源和目的的，潜台词Accumulator可以。

> a GPR is either the source or destination, but not both; this is intended to simplify the renaming process

> Ai <- mem(Ai)
> Ai <- mem(Rj)
> mem(Ai) <- Rj
> mem(Rj) <- Ai

不全面啊，没有Ai, Rj应该有4种组合，除掉Ri-Rj应该还有3种啊，这就两种。
